Tor is a commonly used anonymous network that provides the hidden services. As the number of hidden services using Tor's anonymous network has been steadily increasing every year, so does the number of services that abuse Tor's anonymity. The existing research on the Tor is mainly focused on Tor's security loopholes and anonymity. As a result, how to collect and analyze the contents of Tor's hidden services is not yet in full swing. In addition, due to the slow access speed of the Tor browser, it is difficult to observe the dynamics of the hidden services. In this work, we present a tool that can monitor the status of hidden services for the analysis of authentic hidden service contents, and have automated our tool with the virtualization software, Docker, to improve the crawling performance. From August 12, 2017 to August 20, 2017, we collected a total of 9,176 sites and analyzed contents for 100 pages.

An IP geolocation database provides location information for each IP address block. Though free and commercial IP geolocation databases are available, their accuracy and coverage are not clearly known for non US countries. In this paper, for the wider and more accurate IP geolocation service in Korea, we present a crowd-sourcing IP geolocation database build-up method by analyzing messages of an online used market, Ruliweb that reveals IP addresses and location information. From 195,937 posts on the Ruliweb website over 29 months, we can construct a Korean IP geolocation database that achieves the district-level granularity and outperforms commercial services in the accuracy. Though every online website does not provide IP address information, our crowd-sourcing methodology is useful for IP geolocation database management in Internet or mobile services.

Testing of mobile applications becomes more importantas the usage of smartphones increases. Many studiesuse Monkey, a basic testing tool provided by Android. WithMonkey, however, it is hard to replay the behavior of actualusers. In this work, we present a mobile app testing methodthat automatically records and replays user event logs on thesmartphone. From replay testing experiments, we have shownthat our method generates 2.3 times more valid input events and1.4 times faster than fuzz testing.

While wearable devices have been the buzzword in these days, they are still in the infant market stage. Though demand for wearable devices has skyrocketed, the early abandonment of devices become an important issue. Many studies examine the usage of wearable devices with user survey. However,it is essential to look at the real behavior of wearable users how and why wearable users enjoy or abandon devices. In this work,we present experimental results on 80 college students, 64 dayswith fitness trackers. From the experiments, we have found that50% of users have stopped using fitness trackers within two weeks at first experiment and that 34% of users abandoned the devices in nine weeks at second experiment.

Online used markets such as eBay, Yahoo Auction, and Craigslist have been popular due to the web services. Compared to the shopping mall websites like eBay or Yahoo Auction, web community-style used markets often expose the private information of sellers. In Korea, the most popular online used market is a website called ¡°Joonggonara¡± with more than 13 million users, and it uses an informal posting format that does not protect the users' privacy identifiable information. In this work, we examine the privacy leakage from the online used markets in Korea, and show that 45.9% and 74.0% of sample data expose cellular phone numbers and email addresses, respectively. In addition, we demonstrate that the private information can be maliciously exploited to identify a subscriber of the social network service.

The widespread use and increasing popularity of broadband service has prompted a focus on the measurement and analysis of its empirical performance in recent studies. The worldwide view of broadband performance has been examined over the short term with Speedtest.net, but research in this area has not yet provided a long-term evolutionary insight on how DSL, Cable, and Fiber access technologies have influenced on user experience. In this study, we present 6 years of measurement results, from 2006 to 2011, of broadband performance with fast developing broadband networks in Korea. With 57% Fiber penetration in 2011, our data consist of a total of 29M test records and 10M subscribers. Over the 6 years, we have observed a 2.9-fold improvement in download speed (57Mbps), 2.8-fold increase in upload speed (38Mbps), and 0.7-fold decrease in latency due to the high penetration rate of Fiber broadband service and the advanced Cable modem technology. In addition, we carried out longitudinal analysis of various aspects of services, providers, regions, and cost-performance. We believe that the evolutionary Korean broadband measurement results can shed light on how high-speed access technologies are substantially enhancing on end-to-end performance.

In this paper, we propose an IP geolocation DB creation method based on a crowd-sourcing Internet broadband performance measurement tagged with locations and present an IP geolocation DB based on 7 years of Internet broadband performance data in Korea. Compared with other commercial IP geolocation DBs, our crowd-sourcing IP geolocation DB shows increased accuracy with fine-grained granularity. We confirm that the low accuracy of commercial IP geolocation DBs mainly results from selecting a single representative location for a large IP block from the Whois registry DB, parsing city names in a naive way, and resolving the wrong geolocation coordinates. We also found that the geographic location of IP blocks has continuously changed but has been stable. Although our IP geolocation DB is limited to Korea, the 32 million broadband performance test records over 7 years provide wide coverage as well as fine-grained accuracy.

As Hadoop becomes a popular distributed programming framework for processing large data on its distributed file system (HDFS), demands for secure computing and file storage grow quickly. However, the current Hadoop does not support encryption of storing HDFS blocks, which is a fundamental solution for secure Hadoop. Therefore, we propose a secure Hadoop architecture by adding encryption and decryption functions in HDFS. We have implemented secure HDFS by adding the AES encrypt/decrypt class to CompressionCodec in Hadoop. From experiments with a small Hadoop testbed, we have shown that the representative MapReduce job on encrypted HDFS generates affordable computation overhead less than 7%.

Internet traffic measurement and analysis has long been used to characterize network usage and user behaviors, but faces the problem of scalability under the explosive growth of Internet traffic and high-speed access. Scalable Internet traffic measurement and analysis is difficult because a large data set requires matching computing and storage resources. Hadoop, an open-source computing platform of MapReduce and a distributed file system, has become a popular infrastructure for massive data analytics because it facilitates scalable data processing and storage services on a distributed computing system consisting of commodity hardware. In this paper, we present a Hadoop-based traffic monitoring system that performs IP, TCP, HTTP, and NetFlow analysis of multi-terabytes of Internet traffic in a scalable manner. From experiments with a 200-node testbed, we achieved 14 Gbps throughput for 5 TB files with IP and HTTP-layer analysis MapReduce jobs. We also explain the performance issues related with traffic analysis MapReduce jobs.